---
layout: default
title: "i.i.w.i.i."
tags: ruminations
---

my legs haven’t tingled since March. now it’s every night when i try to fall asleep, like clockwork. and then some.

***

i met her at a time when i was aimless, and lonely, and scared about the future. we talked about our depression and anxieties, communication and forwardness. i told her how i had only days before started processing the feeling that i have and have always had some kind of OCD. not the kind where i can’t stop locking the door, but the kind where can’t control my brain from intruding on my moments with fears, concerns, things that need fixing, and things i fear can't be. she listened, she understood, and she cared.

***

i dream of calm. i struggle with letting a moment be. i fear the end before it even begins. i cannot turn the faucet off.

***

her eyes hold worlds. they are deep and blue and piercing but the kindest you'll ever see. her smile feels like the future. i was determined to be everything and more for her. she deserved it. we laughed, and we cried, and we sang songs together. her joy gave me light and purpose. she made me eager to make things, and she still does.

i spent the last 6 months breathing her in, trying to be the best that i could for her. i wanted to show her how she lit up every room she walked into. her life had not been easy, and the love she shared in spite of it was astounding. the world has asked more of her than could ever be fair. i wanted to be who she deserved.

***

our partnership was catalyzed quite early on by a visit from her father with whom she has an incredibly complicated relationship. it was a trying month, and we knew it would be,
and i poured my energy and focus into being there for her. i failed on more than one occasion, and it kicked up concerns she was working to move past. she was hurting, and i was hurting, and i was scared of what that meant for us. we agreed that if we weren’t being good for each other, we would need to talk about it, even if it hurt. we did, and we moved forward.

i only ever wanted to be good for her. when she identified things that were weighing on her, i targeted them. how can i help. what can i do to help. i wanted to make them something we could tackle together. when she said it was helping, that it felt good, i felt good, and my behavior was rewarded. the clouds felt like they were clearing. 

sometimes when you don’t feel good, you can’t just fix it with what worked before. might sound obvious, but i’m a fucking idiot. and as time went on, and the clouds came back, my anxieties evolved. i merged my anxieties with hers and i turned them into a megazord. i wanted us both in the cockpit to fight the monster of the week. i turned care into work.

***

i’m a very certain kind of person, and i’m not always the easiest to be around. the people who have spent lives with me have seen me struggle, with myself and with them. they’ve seen me assess, and try to accept, and have a desire to change. i like to hope they’ve decided i’m worth the struggle. it feels bad either way.

i have trouble seeing the longview. i spend all day, hundreds of times per minute thinking of what i’m doing wrong, what i said, what i should say, what that might do, whether that will help or hurt. it makes time feel like forever, and it manifests as impatience. two hours feels like the whole day for me. my thoughts decided to race and intrude and tell me probably what you’re thinking and why and why the thing that i said the other day might have made you upset but you told me it didn’t and how you’re thinking of me now when you send that text.

***

a few weeks ago, she started getting more distant. she’d make last minute plans for dinner with her family- the kind i’d been consistently available for and included in. i knew she wasn’t feeling herself, and i knew it was me who was causing it. i feared what she was fearing, hoping she'd tell me, no matter how bad they felt. i had tried to talk about it, and i almost certainly did a bad job.

i wasn’t being good for her. we talked about it. it hurt. we did not move forward.

***

thousands of times a day i get to think about laughing with her, talking about the future with her, poring over the things we were excited to watch, do, share with each other. how much i love and adore her.
and thousands of times a day i get to think about the times i said or did things that hurt her. what i had wanted to do or say instead. how painful it is to have spent all of those moments of the last 6 months, my waking energy, determined to be the good thing for her and failing. wondering if i could still be someone she deserves.

for now, iiwii. "it is what it is. iiwii! it's already catching on!"